Dear ${firstName},

We are contacting you to inform you that you have registered to the First Philippine Esperanto Youth Congress. Here are some details that we have received from you.

Nickname: ${nickname}
Registration Category: ${regCat}
Payment Method: ${paymentMethod}

Also, please keep these numbers for reference when you have any inquiries or problems regarding registration or payment.

Registration ID: ${registrationId}
Payment ID: ${paymentId}

We were also informed of the following: 

Food Restrictions - You have stated that you have other food restrictions aside from the common choices shown on the form. Please send a message so that we can help you arrange a food plan tailored to your needs during the congress.

Food Allergies - You have stated that you have other food allergies aside from the common ones shown on the form. Please send a message so that we can note your other allergies. 

Lodging - You have stated your interest in getting a lodging from one of our partner hotels. We will contact you again when new information has come up regarding this.

Congress Photo - You have stated your interest in getting a physical copy of the congress photo. We will inform you again whether we reached the minimum number of interested participants.

Invitation Letter - You have requested a printed invitation letter from us and requested to have it sent via regular mail. Please send a message to us with the name of the specific courier and shipping address for us to start processing your request.

Comments - We noticed that you left a comment on the form. Please wait as we will reply to it by sending a separate message.

If you have any other registration concerns, please send an email to peyc2020@up-esperas.org.

Thank you very much for your interest to the First Philippine Esperanto Youth Congress and we hope to see you soon!

Sincerely Yours,


The Local Organizing Committee
First Philippine Esperanto Youth Congress

NOTE. This is an automated message. Please do not reply to this e-mail. If you think that you have received this message in error, please inform us so we can remove your registration details from our system. Thank you!

Contact Details:
M: (+63) 908 249 1891
E: peyc2020@up-esperas.org
W: fjk.up-esperas.org
FB: www.twitter.com/fjkesperanto
TW: www.facebook.com/fjkesperanto
